added settings (#372)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/instore-app/available-settings/settings.md

- **Consumer** – Customer-facing (receipt display/printing). Allows changing **Print Delay**, which is not available in Merchant mode.
- **Merchant** – Merchant/admin. Cannot change Print Delay, but offers extra gestures:  
  - Pull **down** on the QR code screen to show the receipt.  
  - Pull **up** to reveal action buttons.

### Use local configuration

If enabled, local device settings override the backend configuration.

If disabled, the app follows centrally managed (backend) settings.

:::info Note

Currently, this setting can only be configured by internal staff via the backend. Customers do not yet have the ability to change this setting themselves.

:::

Once the setting is disabled and the app is restarted, the configuration stored in the backend will be loaded into the app.

This configuration can be applied:
- **Per device**: A specific configuration for each individual device.
- **Per cashbox**: A shared configuration for all devices connected to a particular cashbox.

---

## App settings

### Enable NFC
Enables **receipt transmission via NFC**.  
**Preview:** This feature currently works **only on fiskaltrust‑provided devices**.

> ### Enable running in Foreground
> Runs the app as a **foreground service** so it stays active for continuous use (e.g., receipt and payment flows).  
> When this is enabled, the app **auto‑starts after device boot** so staff do not need to launch it manually.

Reviewer: For an Android developer it is clear what a `foreground service` is but usually not for a technician who does the configuration.

```suggestion
### Enable running in Foreground
Runs the app as an  **Android foreground service** also displaying a notification in the Android status bar (when notifications are enabled in Android settings) and takes care that the service is run at all times.

When enabled it results in the following behaviour:
- Even if the InStoreApp is not in foreground (e.g., the user is working with the POS app on the same device), it continues to run in the background.
- The InStoreApp **auto‑starts after device boot** so no manual start is required after boot. This means even without ever starting the InStoreApp manually it will start in the background automatically and can process actions (like trigger payments or show receipts).
```

---

## Printer settings

:::info Note

Some options depend on the selected mode.

:::

#### Printers
Shows all available printers (USB, Bluetooth, or Network). Select the one you want to use.

#### Print Delay

> Delay before printing starts (0–99 seconds).  

Reviewer: This does not really explain the function.
```suggestion
Defines the delay before an issued receipt will get printed automatically if the guest/customer is not receiving the receipt in another way like scanning the QR code with their phone, just accepting it by pressing OK or another method.

Default: 30s.
```

The UI first asks you to pick a **Payment** method. Depending on the method, additional fields can appear.

:::

#### Payment
Select the payment provider to use on this device (e.g., **Hobex ECR**, **Softpay.io**, **Viva Wallet**, etc.).  
After selection, provider‑specific options appear as needed.

##### Hobex ECR (example of provider‑specific fields)
- **Hobex ECR TerminalId** – The terminal ID assigned by Hobex.
- **Hobex ECR Password** – The password for ECR integration.
- **Hobex ECR Host** – Hostname or IP of the ECR endpoint.
- **Hobex ECR Port** – TCP port of the ECR endpoint.
- **Test Communication** – Checks connectivity with the configured ECR endpoint before going live.

---

## Middleware

### Middleware URL
The endpoint the app uses to communicate with the fiskaltrust Middleware.

### Start Middleware
Starts the connection to the Middleware using the configured URL.

### Stop Middleware
Stops the live connection (use before changing URL, switching networks, or during maintenance).

---

## Update settings

### Use prerelease
If enabled, the updater considers **prerelease** builds in addition to stable releases (for early access and testing).

### Check For Update

> Runs an update check immediately and offers the newest version available for your selected track.

Author: they just got removed, after the meeting with Stefan as we talked about them and what we wanted to do with them
